After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Project Title / One sentence description:

    Track disc golf scores

2. The Heroku URL for your web application:

    http://infinite-river-43265.herokuapp.com/05prove/login.php

3. The GitHub URL for your source code repository:

    https://github.com/jmsplmr/congenial-potato

4. Please provide a brief description of what your project does and how to use the application. Make sure to include any required information like a username and password.

    Username: cs313
    Password: cs313

    User is able to add rounds and scores to golf courses they visit. Also they can view course information and
    potentially add new courses.

5. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

    When the user enters a new course, the rating inst correctly updated.

6. Provide evidence of your database design by including the SQL file with the commands used to create your tables, etc. (This is ideally the exact file you used to create them. But if you don't have that, you could dump the SQL that describes your database from Heroku to a file "output.sql" using the following command: heroku run 'pg_dump $DATABASE_URL' > output.sql

Submit this SQL file in addition to the submission file for this assignment.


--------------------------------
Project Self-assessment
--------------------------------

For each of the following requirements, please replace the "(YES/NO)" with either "YES" or "NO" as to whether or not your work met this requirement.

Requirements
------------
 YES 1. Your web application is running in Heroku.
 YES 2. Your latest source code is in GitHub.
 YES 3. Your web application uses data stored in the session.
 YES 4. Your web application uses a PostgreSQL database in Heroku.
 YES 5. Your database schema includes foreign key references.
 YES 6. Your web application includes an SQL SELECT query that joins multiple tables.
 Yes 7. Your web application includes an SQL UPDATE statement.

For each of the following criteria, please replace the "(A-E)" with either the "A", "B", "C", "D", or "E" category you feel best describes your work. Include a 1-2 sentence justification.

Categories
----------
A - Some attempt was made.
B - Developing, but significantly deficient.
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate.
D - Meets requirements.
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements.

Criteria
----------
C 1. Professional look and feel.

    I havent spent much time on my look and feel. Simple scheme with little formatting.

C 2. Accomplishes a meaningful/interesting task.

    I feel that this is a very simple app, but that I was able to focus on the php and the sql ideas.

C 3. Demonstrates skill with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

    Same as (2).

D 4. Demonstrates skill with PHP.

    I feel that I was able to fulfill the design standard for PHP keeping in mind security.

E 5. Demonstrates good database design principles.

    I was able to keep in mind the design characteristics discused in class involving primary keys, uniqueness and
    allowing null.

E 6. Demonstrates skill in database retrieval.

    Able to get information from database in an effective manner.

E 7. Demonstrates skill in database modification.

    Able to add items to the database in an effective manner. I would want to also implement items that change data such
    as password or other user data.

E 8. Demonstrates mastery of client-side/server-side coordination and communication.

    I was able to utilize sessions to appropriately track the users session.

D 9. Overall project evaluation.

    I feel that I was able to learn the design principles for client-server side communications as well as effectivly
    handle security concerns from html injection, sql injection, and secure user data.

